“One day or day one. You decide.” —Unknown
“It’s Monday … time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go!” —Heather Stillufsen
“It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.” ―Marcus Zusak
“Goodbye, blue Monday.” ―Kurt Vonnegut
“So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more positive partnership.” ―Julio-Alexi Genao
“When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.” —Ella Woodword
“Monday c’est Mon Day.” —Unknown
“All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara.” —Unknown
“I’m alive, motivated and ready to slay the day #MONSLAY.” —Unknown
This is your Monday morning reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws at you.” —Unknown
“Hey, I know it’s Monday. But it’s also a new day and a new week. And in that lies a new opportunity for something special to happen.” —Michael Ely
“The most effective way to do is to do it.” —Amelia Earhart
“Every day brings new choices.” —Martha Beck
“All our dreams can come true—if we have the courage to pursue them.” —Walt Disney
“Every morning you have two choices: continue to sleep with your dreams or wake up & chase them.” —Kristin, Sophisticated Gal
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” —Jim Rohn 
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” —Theodore Roosevelt
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.” —Lou Holtz
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” —Ken Poirot
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you’re willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.” —Lou Holtz. After reading these Monday motivation quotes, read these motivational teamwork quotes.
“When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn’t matter whether it’s Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions.” —Edmond Embiaka
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” —George Lorimer
“OK, it’s Monday but who said Mondays have to suck? Be a rebel and have a great day anyway.” —Kimberly Jiménez
“Believe on Monday the way you believe on Sunday.” —Rita Schiano
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” —Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Even the best weeks start with Monday.” —Nice Peter
“It’s Monday. Get a new perspective. Whatever obstacle you’re facing—it’s not permanent.” —Unknown
“Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.” —Sukhraj S. Dhillon
